You hit me again.
It's even, I don't know good people
go smooth
Guan Fengyi Pavilion goes to sleep
Don't get in the way of this king's eyes here
If it weren't for the emperor's instructions
You think I want to
I'll change your medicine now.
I'll leave immediately after changing the medicine
I won't delay you for a moment.
Back injury
Does it still hurt?
I've asked about Brother Huo who can't die, sorry.
A belated apology
Hitachi
What do you mean?
What? See you there?
Too lazy to explain to you
It's all over
The king has apologized
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not technical enough.
Not on purpose
Ask the former guard chief Du Si to meet the princess of Chu
Princess Chu, the Supreme Emperor was poisoned and unconscious
The emperor invites you to enter the palace